a Papillion mother took a 45-minute walk
to her son's school because the bus
wouldn't and couldn't pick him up KMTV
action 3 News reporter Deborah tough
tells us because of a story that we ran
that's not a problem anymore Deb I met
state law mandates buses can't pick up
students who live less than four miles
from a school and that's where our story
picks up take a look we first introduced
you to Kimbella sent her son Gabe about
a week and a half ago it's kind of tired
I kind of I'm really tired when I get
back
they can't ride the bus to school and
Kim a stay-at-home mom and full-time
student can't afford a car so they
walked
although the Bellas lived just under two
miles from carrot Hill Elementary the
long trek takes roughly four hours out
of the day which is no problem at this
point but it's gonna be a problem once
the winds let's say are thirty below the
same day our story ran Kim began walking
Gabe home no knife all the rest of
manner even one that was just on the
news yeah nice
tell him have a good day is something
amazing happened so I stopped pulled
over and took him home we set it up the
deal I couldn't get him and drop him off
every day so he doesn't have to ask Gabe
now has a ride to school
the body also has a child who goes to
school with Gabe I'm gonna stay home mom
I've got three kids of my own that if I
was in the situation I think I'd want
somebody there to help me as a brick
mall town you're there for everybody I
had nowhere else to turn like I said I
tried with the schools I tried with
ministration I tried particularly with
the school itself nothing was happening
so I greatly appreciate your guys's help
Astro Gabe who couldn't help bouncing
around like a typical second grader he's
gotten his energy back you ain't having
to ride school yeah it was that so I
don't have to walk oh good for him now
Gabe's new friends recruited him to join
Boy Scouts he did and also has a ride to
troop meetings as for Kim she just got a
perfect score on her midterm
all right good for then well kids and
parents are now high alert in bennington
after reports of